Content: Node port (#459)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/en/servers/blocks/crud/index.md

+++
title = 'CRUD'
headless = true
time = 10
facilitation = false
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
    1='Define CRUD'
+++

We will build a CRUD API. CRUD stands for **C**reate, **R**etrieve, **U**pdate, **D**elete. If you think about it, this is what most applications do:

✨ **C**reate some "resources"
🐕 **R**etrieve them (GET them)
📨 **U**pdate them
🗑️ **D**elete them

### 🎯 Goal

> Our API will manage movie data. It will:
> 
> ✨ **C**reate a new movie,
> 🐕 **R**etrieve a list of movies or a single movie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, we'll focus on the first two of these. We'll make a server that provides an API for managing movie data. It will:

✨ **C**reate a new movie,
🐕 **R**etrieve a list of movies or a single movie
```
